Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/nextjs-full-stack/README.md

└── node_modules <-- Node.js modules that are installed based on dependencies.

```

## About the app

> This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by integrating Web SDK and REST API functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by integrating the Miro Web SDK and Miro REST API functionality.
```

> This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by integrating Miro Web SDK and REST API functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by using the Miro Web SDK and Miro REST API.
```

> This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by integrating Miro Web SDK and REST API functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
This full-stack sample app shows how to build a Next.js application that uploads a camera image to a Miro board by using the Miro Web SDK and Miro REST API.
```
